this is sample file

Here's how to record a Microsoft Teams meeting: 
 
Join the meeting 
 
Select the More actions ellipsis (three dots) in the meeting controls 
 
Select Start recording 
 
To stop recording, select Stop recording in the More actions menu 
 
The recording will be saved to Microsoft Streams and available to everyone immediately. 
 
Here are some things to note about recording in Microsoft Teams: 
 
Not everyone can record a meeting. You must be the meeting organizer or a member of the same company, and have Office 365 Enterprise or Business, and have recording enabled by your IT department. 
 
You can also record a video or audio clip in a one-on-one or group chat. 
 
To screen record, you can click the ellipsis and select Start recording, then choose the area of your screen to capture. 
 
To automatically record a meeting, you can edit the meeting invite and turn on Record automatically. 
 
If you're having trouble recording, you can try leaving and rejoining the meeting, or using the Teams web client. 
 
Manage Teams recording policies for meetings and events - Learn Microsoft
27 Jun 2024 — To allow or prevent meeting recordings: * In the Microsoft Teams admin center, expand Meetings. * Select Meeting polic...

Learn Microsoft
Record a video or audio clip in Microsoft Teams
Record a video or audio clip in Microsoft Teams * Go to any one-on-one or group chat. * Select Record a video clip. ... * Select ...

Microsoft Support
Issues with meeting recordings - Microsoft Teams
20 Mar 2024 — Leave and rejoin the meeting. This might restore the recording functionality. Use the Teams web client to join and reco...

Learn Microsoft
Show all
Show more

Record a meeting in Microsoft Teams

Microsoft Support
https://support.microsoft.com › en-us › office › record-a...
In your meeting controls, select More actions Microsoft Teams more options icon > Record and transcribe Record and transcribe icon > Start recording Record and ...
‎Play, share, and download a... · ‎View live transcription · ‎Meeting recap
People also ask
How do I enable recording in Microsoft Teams?
How do I record a video on Microsoft Teams?
Why is there no recording option in Microsoft Teams?
మైక్రోసాఫ్ట్ టీమ్స్లో రికార్డింగ్ ఎంపిక ఎందుకు లేదు?
Feedback
Videos

5:58
How to record a meeting in Microsoft Teams, demo tutorial
YouTube · Microsoft 365
27 May 2020

1:00
How to record your meeting in Microsoft Teams
YouTube · Microsoft 365
27 Jun 2020

2:14
How to Record Meetings in Microsoft Teams and View ...
